1878-03-13_[101]_l_warrantydeed_surface+minerals_bounds-jh-ux_kindley-mm

**Margin_Note**
[J.H. Bounds etal
to } Deed
M. M. Kindley]

The State of Texas Limestone County } Know all men by these presents that we J. H. Bounds and M. E. Bounds of the above County and State have this day for and in consideration of the sum of one Dollar to me in hand paid by Mary M. Kindley of Limestone County Texas give granted bargained & sold and do by these presents give grant bargain sell and convey to the said Mary M. Kindley and her heirs and assigns forever the following described tract or parcel of land situated in the above named County and state and being apart of the Samuel Holloway Survey Beginning at the south east corner of Samuel Holloways Survey on west boundary of R.B. Longbothams League thence North 815 vrs to S.E. corner of a 99 acre survey deeded by J.H. Bounds to Martha J. Longbotham thence west 685 vrs to the north East corner of a 99 acre survey deeded by J.H. Bounds to Sheldah E. Lee thence south 815 vrs to S.E. corner of the said Sheldah E. Lee survey thence East 685 vrs to the place of beginning containing 99 acres more or less.

To have and to hold to them the said Mary M. Lindley and her heirs and assigns forever.

and we the said J.H. Bounds and M. E. Bounds do for myself my heirs and assigns agree and further bind myself my heirs and assigns to warrant and forever defend the title to said described tract or parcel of land to her the said Mary M. Kindley her heirs and assigns against the claim or claims of all persons claiming by or through me or my heirs and against the claim or claims of all persons legally claiming the same In testimony whereof we have hereunto subscribed our name and affixed my seal this 13th day March A.D. 1878.
J.H. Bounds (Seal)
M. E. Bounds (Seal)

The State of Texas }
County of } Before me A. Barry Notary Public in and for said County personally came J. H. Bounds to me well known, and to me acknowledged that he executed the foregoing instrument of writing, dated 13th day of March 1878, and that he signed, sealed and delivered the same for the purposes, uses and consideration therein stated. Also personally came M. E. Bounds wife of the said J. H. Bounds parties to the foregoing deed or instrument of writing dated the day and year above written who having been examined by me privily and apart from her said husband, and the said instrument having been fully explained to her, acknowledged the same to be her own act and deed and that she willingly signed, sealed and delivered the same for the purposes uses and consideration therein stated and that she wishes not to retract. In Testimony my whereof I hereunto sign my name and affix my notarial seal this the 22nd day of march A.D. 1878.
A. Barry Notary Public
Limestone Co. Texas
(L.S.)
I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true copy of the original Deed and certificate of acknowledgment filed in my office forwarded July 28th 1881 at 1. oclock am. and duly recorded same day at 11 oclock am.
S. D. Walker co. clk.
R. Wiley Deputy
J.H. Bounds wife The State of Texas } 11
