1886-12-27_[106]_l_warrantydeed_surface+minerals_haley-hiram-ux_bounds-jh

**Margin_Note**
[Hiram Haley & wife
J. H. Bounds
Filed Dec 17 87
Recd   "   " "]

The State of Texas County of Limestone} Know all men by these presents that we Hiram Haley and Sinai A. Haley his wife, of Limestone county Texas for and in consideration of the sum of two thousand dollars ($2,000) to us cash in hand paid by J. H. Bounds of Limestone county state of Texas receipt whereof we hereby acknowledge have granted sold bargained and conveyed and by these presents do grant sell bargain and convey unto said J. H. Bounds all that certain lot piece or parcel of land situate lying and being in the county of Limestone part of the John Boyd survey and described as follows, Beginning at a point 500 varas west of the Southeast corner of said John Boyd League a stake in the South line of said League; thence North with J. H. Bounds west line to Tehuacana Creek about 1900 varas thence up said creek with its meanderings to the North east corner of a 150 acre tract sold by Foster to Shown and by Shown to Atkinson and Foster; thence South 1664 varas to a stake in the South line of said Boyd League and the South East corner of the above referred to 150 acre tract. thence East with said Boyds South line 500 varas to the place of beginning containing one hundred and fifty eight - acres (158) more or less; less two acres of land sold one to J. H. Sparks off the Southwest corner and one to the State of Texas off of the Southeast corner To have and to hold the said premises together with all and singular the rights and appurtenances thereunto in any wise belonging unto the said J. H. Bounds his heirs and assigns forever. And we do hereby bind ourselves our heirs executors and administrators to warrant and forever defend all and singular the said premises unto the said J. H. Bounds his heirs and assigns against every person whomsoever lawfully claiming or to claim the same or any part thereof. Witness our hands this 27th day of December A.D. 1886. signed and delivered in presence of
H. H. Haley
S. A. Haley

State of Texas
County of Limestone
Before me A. E. Firmin notary public in and for the county of Limestone Texas on this day personally appeared Hiram Haley and Sinai A. Haley his wife to me known to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument and said Hiram Haley acknowledged to me that he executed the same for the purposes and considerations therein expressed and also on this day personally appeared before me said Sinai A. Haley wife of said Hiram Haley Known to me to be the person whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument and being by me examined privily and apart from her husband and having the same fully explained to her she the said Sinai Ann Haley acknowledged such instrument to be her act deed and declared that she had willingly signed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed and that she did not wish to retract it. Given under my hand and seal of office this 27th day of December A.D. 1886
(L.S.)
A. E. Firmin, Notary Public
Limestone Co. Tex

I hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the original deed and a certificate of acknowledgement filed for record in my office the 17th day of Dec. 1887 at 9 a.m. and recorded Dec. 17th 1887 at 4 P.m.
W. F. Brown co. clk
By H. Williams Dept.
