1945-09-13_[117]_l_release_surface+minerals_landbank_bounds-ms-ux

***5059***
                    ( Land Bank Commissioner et al
        9-18-45     ( to (Release)
                    ( M. S. Bounds et ux

                            Loan No. F-13491
                            M. S. Bounds
                            Navarro Nat'l Farm Loan Ass'n

THE STATE OF TEXAS  )
                    :  KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS:
COUNTY OF HARRIS    )

THAT, the Land Bank Commissioner and the Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation, acting herein by and through their duly authorized agent and attorney-in-fact, The Federal Land Bank of Houston, for and in consideration of the full and final payment of all amounts owing to them on that certain promissory note in the principal sum of $3,300.00, described in deed of trust dated January 22, 1934, executed by M. S. Bounds and wife, Mattie Bounds, in favor of the trustee therein named, and recorded in Volume 2-A, page 278, Deed of Trust or Land Mortgage Records of Limestone County, Texas, identified on the records of The Federal Land Bank of Houston as Loan No. F-13491 (which note and the lien securing its payment became the property of the Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation by virtue of Title 12 U.S.C. Section 1016g or Section 1020b), and to which deed of trust and its record reference is here made for all pertinent purposes, do hereby release the land described in said deed of trust from any and all liens held by said Land Bank Commissioner and Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation that were created by virtue of said deed of trust and note.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Land Bank Commissioner and the Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation have caused these presents to be executed by their agent and attorney-in-fact, The Federal Land Bank of Houston, by its Vice-President, thereunto duly authorized, and said bank's corporate seal to be affixed this the 13th day of September, A.D. 1945.

(Corporate Seal)                    Land Bank Commissioner, and
ATTEST:                             Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation
John V. Van DeMark, Secretary.      By their Agent and Attorney-in-Fact,
Approved for Execution: C.J.D.      The Federal Land Bank of Houston
THE STATE OF TEXAS  )               By R. D. Johnson, Vice President.
                    ;
COUNTY OF HARRIS    )

BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared R. D. Johnson, Vice President of The Federal Land Bank of Houston, known to me to be the person and officer whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged to me that he executed the same as the act and deed of said corporation, acting as agent and attorney-in-fact for the Land Bank Commissioner and Federal Farm Mortgage Corporation, for the purposes and consideration therein expressed, and in the capacity therein stated.

GIVEN under my hand and seal of office, this the 13 day of September, A.D. 1945.

50395                               Lorena Woody, Notary Public
(Seal)                              In and for Harris County, Texas.

Filed for record September 18, 1945 at 8:00 o'clock A.M., recorded September 20, 1945 at 1:45 o'clock P.M.

                                    John Kidd, County Clerk
                                    Limestone County, Texas

By Mary Jo Baker       Deputy.
