**1977-07-19_f_trustmemo_trust_jpblack_obblack.txt**

STATE OF TEXAS *
COUNTY OF McLENNAN *

MEMORANDUM OF TRUST
JOHN PIERCE BLACK FAMILY TRUST OF 1977

By Trust Instrument dated the 19th day of July, 1977, I, JOHN PIERCE BLACK,(hereinafter referred to as "Trustor") established the "John Pierce Black Family Trust of 1977" designated as such therein, for the benefit of OLENA BOUNDS BLACK and other beneficiaries to be administered by OLENA BOUNDS BLACK and THE CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK OF WACO, Waco, Texas, or its successors, (hereinafter referred to as "Trustee").
 
NOW, THEREFORE, it is provided that the Trustee shall have full authority and power to act for and represent this Trust Estate, as fully as if such Trustee was acting as a competent adult individual, to enter into and consummate any transaction upon such terms as the Trustee may deem advisable. To determine, based upon available information, who is or may be an Income Beneficiary or Termination Beneficiary of this trust, and the Termination Date of this trust, and any such determination made in good faith shall be conclusively binding upon all persons and all payments and distributions made in accordance therewith shall relieve the Trustee from any further responsibilities or liabilities therefor. No person dealing with the Trustee shall be responsible for the allocation of any money, securities, or other property paid or delivered to them, and the receipt of the Trustee shall be a full discharge; and no person dealing with the Trustee, and no issuer, transfer agent, or other agent of any issuer of any securities shall be under any obligation to ascertain or inquire into the power of my Trustee to purchase, sell, exchange, transfer, mortgage, pledge, lease, distribute, or otherwise dispose of or deal with any money, securities or any other real or personal property. This Memorandum of Trust shall be evidence of the Trustee's full authority to act for this Trust Estate without any further reference to the full Trust Instrument itself, it being specifically provided that such Trust Instrument need not be recorded in any deed records or reviewed by any person for this purpose.

Upon the death of OLENA BOUNDS BLACK, THE CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK OF WACO, Waco, Texas, or its successors, shall serve as the sole Trustee of all trusts created by the terms of this instrument. Any Trustee may resign at any time by thirty (30) days written notice delivered to the Trustors; or if the Trustors or the survivor of them is deceased or incompetent, the Trustee may resign to the legal guardian of any minor beneficiary and to any adult beneficiary. Upon such resignation, the Trustee shall transfer the possession and title to the trust property to the other Trustee or his successor. If any other Trustee should die, resign or become incapacitated to act as Trustee of any trusts created by this instrument, the Trustors, or if the Trustors or the survivor of them are deceased or incompetent, then the adult beneficiaries and guardians of minor beneficiaries may jointly appoint one or more successor Trustees, corporate or noncorporate, which appointment shall be made by separate written instrument.

If there are two or more Trustees, then, except as otherwise provided, the Trustees shall act jointly in the administration of this Trust. Either Trustee or his successor, by an instrument in writing, may delegate all or any powers and such discretions to the other Trustee for a period of one (1) year or less and may renew such delegation from time to time. No Trustee who is also a beneficiary of this Trust shall in any manner exercise any influence or control or have any discretion to participate in the determination of any distribution of income or corpus of the Trust at any time. Reference to "Trustee" shall be deemed to include not only the original Trustees appointed but also any successor Trustee, and all powers and discretions vested in the Trustee shall be vested in and exercisable by any such successor Trustee.

This is a Texas Trust, executed in Texas, to be governed, construed and administered according to Texas law and shall continue to be so governed and construed even though administered elsewhere in the United States.

With the same effect as if it were the original, anyone may rely upon a duplicate of the Trust Instrument, or this Memorandum of Trust, certified by a Notary Public to be a true copy, as well as any written documents or attachments. Anyone may rely upon any statement of fact certified by anyone who appears from the original document or a certified copy to be a Trustee or successor Trustee.

EXECUTED this 19th day of July, 1977.
JOHN PIERCE BLACK, Trustor

ACCEPTED:
OLENA BOUNDS BLACK, Trustee

THE CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK OF WACO,
Waco, Texas, Trustee


 
THE STATE OF TEXAS *
*
COUNTY OF McLENNAN *
 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared JOHN PIERCE BLACK and OLENA BOUNDS BLACK, known to be the persons whose names are subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that they executed the same for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this the 29th day of July, 1977.
Margaret A. Dickens
Notary Public in and for McLennan County, Texas
My commission expires 8-31-78
 
THE STATE OF TEXAS *
*
COUNTY OF McLENNAN *
 
BEFORE ME, the undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared Wiley E. Oliver III, known to be the persons whose name is subscribed to the foregoing instrument, and acknowledged that he executed the same as the act and deed of THE CITIZENS NATIONAL BANK OF WACO, Waco, Texas, and as the Trust Officer thereof, and for the purposes and consideration therein expressed.
GIVEN UNDER MY HAND AND SEAL OF OFFICE, this the 28th day of December, 1977.
Carolyn A Wiley
Notary Public in and for McLennan County, Texas
My commission expires 5-31-79
